The Dark Knight: In IMAX!
Published on July 18, 2008.
I went to see The Dark Knight in IMAX last night.
It was pretty good.
I mean, as far as movies go it was probably one of the best I’ve seen in years.
But there was so much hype leading up to it that the movie was kind of wasted.
My co-workers were really psyched about the movie.
So listening to them continuously talk up the movie had its effect on me, I guess.
If I had come in with no expectations, the movie would’ve been incredible.
It still was, and it met the hype, but sometimes I feel the best way to go into a movie is with no expectations at all.
When I went to see Wall-e a few weeks ago (or maybe it was just last week), I had no idea what the movie was about.
Okay, so I knew it had a robot in it.
And that was about it.
I ended up enjoying it a lot!
I think we, as viewers, should just let the damn story tell itself.
No spoilers, no trailers, maybe just a title.
Knowing as little as possible about a movie going into it probably gives the best chance for me to enjoy it.